Create Exa AI case study (#12803)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/customers/exa.md

Eventually, frustrated with a scattered stack, the team decided to centralize as much as possible around a single tool — PostHog.

<OSQuote
  customer="exa"
  author="liam_hinzman"
  product="max_ai"
 />

## Using PostHog for an AI-assisted engineering loop

Now, with analytics centralized into PostHog, the team can much more flexibly and reliably interrogate data from multiple sources using a mix of ready-made visualization tools ([funnels](/docs/product-analytics/funnels), [paths](/docs/product-analytics/paths), etc.) and [SQL](/data-warehouse/sql) when needed.

“The best thing for me is [Max AI](/max),” says Liam. “It’s really nice to have it help with SQL queries when you’re like 80-90% of the way there and it can finish them for you. If I get something wrong with one of my SQL operations, Max AI can just fix it up for me.”

Exa didn’t stop at just bringing analytics into PostHog, however. Tools such as session replay have also enabled the team to debug errors and even ship code faster than before.

> “I use tools like Cursor for AI-assisted coding and my workflow is less about engineering work and more about aligning myself to a truth,” explains Liam. “Session replay really helps with that. You can see where people get confused. You can quickly validate hypotheses by using it with analytics. Then, I can work with an AI to deploy a fix — it’s an incredibly efficient way for me to work and there are still so many features in PostHog we haven’t adopted yet, like [surveys](/surveys) and [revenue analytics](/revenue-analytics).”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
“A lot of product engineering work is less about implementation, and more about aligning yourself to a truth,” explains Liam. “Session replay really helps with that. You can see where people get confused. You can quickly validate hypotheses by using it with analytics. Then, I can work with an AI to deploy a fix — it’s an incredibly efficient way for me to work and there are still so many features in PostHog we haven’t adopted yet, like [surveys](/surveys) and [revenue analytics](/revenue-analytics).”
```
